Project phase1, team 27
Chang Liu, 1001106386
Ying Kaiwen, 1003322790
Muyi Chen, 1002965026
Chunwei Cai, 1001096627




Project overview:
	In phase one we developed the following pages: 
	index.html
	Mainpage.html
	Stockpage.html
	userpage.html
	adminpage.html



Login credentials:

There are 3 fake users created for testing purpose. Their login information information are shown below:
	1)username:user, password:user
	2)username:admin, password:admin
	3)username:user2, password:user2

You can login in at the home or stock pages, after which the user personal page will be visible at the top navigation bar. You can also register for a new user if you wish. However, only the personal pages of 'user' (the 1st user on the list above) and 'admin' are created, which means that:
	1) you can access to the admin's personal page if you logged in as 'admin'
	2) you can only access to user's page if you logged in as 'normal user' no matter which username you use (ie. 'user', 'user2', or what ever you register for)



Functionality:

1.index page: 
	1).nav bar
		a. the nevigation bar has animation
		b. the nevigation bar "Home" button links to Mainpage
		c. the nevigation bar "cover" button and the logo links to index page
		d. the nevigation bar "Introduction" button changes the text on the page
		e. the nevigation bar "About Us" button shows the team information

	2).page
		a. the "Get started" button links to MainPage

2.Mainpage

	1).nav bar
		a. the nevigation bar "Stock" button links to the stock page
		b. the nevigation bar "Register" button enabled the pop up registration
		c. the nevigation bar "Login" button enabled the pop up Login
		d. after login, the "registration" button disappers, "Logoff" button appears
		e. the logo links to index page

	2). div "Pharos Stock Trading"
		a. the first div displays website intro

	3). div 2
		a. the second div displays the top 6 recommended stock(reccomandation algorithm covers in phase2, phase 1 only reads from the hardcoded list "top6Recommended")
		b. the view in portfolio button links to userpage if logged in, or to login page if not logged in

	4). div "Recommended for you"
		a. the graph by default shows the most recommended stock monthly information
		b. the buttons on the bottom  shows the top 6 most recommended stock monthly information, it is the same as shown in the table indiv 2
		c. the search box takes in search data(hardcoded in). Available input: "AAPL","MSFT","GOOG","UBI","EA". Click search button to search(phase1), like button to record it into personal page(phase2).
		d. if input empty, the placeholder says "input empty"
		e. if stock not found, the placeholder says "stock id invalid"
		f. all data are in monthly form. to view daily and yearly graph, visit Stockpage.html
		g. put curser on graph, the pop up window shows the detail data

	5). div "News selected for you"
		a. the picture and news summery are hardcoded in phase 1
		b. silde(curser drag) to switch page, the index bar is shown below
		c. "More info" button links to the news page

	6). div "Top 6 recommended Companies"
		a. the bar graph show the currentprice of the top 6 recommended companies, same as shown in above divs
		b. put curser on graph, the pop up window shows the detail data

	7). footer
		a. footer displays the copyright



3. Stockpage

	1). nav bar
		a. same as previous

	2). div "Recommended for you"
		a. valid input: "AAPL","MSFT","GOOG","UBI","EA".
		b. has all functions as div 4 stated in mainpage
		c. the "Yearly", "Monthly", "Daily" buttons displays different data of the same stock
		d. the detailed stock info on bottom left changes with different stocks searched
		e. the view in portfolio button links to userpage if logged in, or to login page if not logged in

	3). div "Posts and Replies"
		a. this div displays all posts and replies under the searched stock id
		b. input in the bottom textbox and press "Post" button to post
		c. if input empty, it shows "Post can not be empty", if successfully posted, it shows "Successfully posted !"

4. userPage:

This is the personal page of the normal user: 'user' (the 1st user on the list at Login credentials). It displays the user's personal profile, portfolio, posts & comments, notifications, and other users followed by that user.

	1). personal profile: indicates user's password, account balance, number of follow and followers. User can change their password and add account balance. Since this is just a simulation app, we won't verify user's credit or visa card information, that means user can add as much balance as they want.

	2). My portfolio: lists user's stocks of interested or owned. Users can buy, sell stocks or totally remove (will sell all that stock, if user have some) them from the portfolio. The account balance will be changed as trade occurs. Users will also receive confirmation emails of trades from admin which are displayed in the Notification section

	3). My post & replies: display all posts of the user and all comments/replies under the posts. User can delete the post. Also, by clicking any existing comment, the user can make a new comment (if the existing comment was made by the user himself or herself) or replies (if the comment was made by another user)

	4). Notification: this is similar to a email inbox displaying all mails sent by other users or admin. User can send a mail to admin by using the text area below.

	5). My follow: lists all other user information followed by this user. User can unfollow or send mail by clicking the corresponding button. In particular, all normal users will automatically follow and be followed by admin, which cannot be cancelled. 

	6). Other functionality: in this user page, user can click any username to visit other users' homepages. As a visitor, the user cannot see sensitive information including password, account balance, number of stocks owned. User can neither make any changes whiling visiting. In particular, any normal user cannot visit admin's page.


5.adminPage

This is the page where the admin can view all registered normal users information excluding the sensitive ones (ie. password, account balance, notifications). In particular, the admin account can not trade stocks (that's not what an admin is supposed to do).

	1). Admin's profile: similar to a normal user's profile, shows the password, number of follows and followers of the admin account. The password can also be changed.

	2). User management: lists all registered user information and allows admin to mange these users' accounts by:
		a. sending mail to that user
		b. freeze and defreeze the user. A frozen user will not be able to trade stocks and make posts or comments. However, a frozen user can still send notifications to admin for inquiry purpose. 
		c. view user's order, and 
		d. view and delete posts if necessary
	
	3). Other functionality: similar to a normal user page, by clicking any username, the admin can visit all other user's personal page but have no permission to view sensitive information or make modification.
















